http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#American preferred_label American
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#AmericanHot preferred_label AmericanHot
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#AmericanHot preferred_label American Hot
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#AnchoviesTopping preferred_label AnchoviesTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#AnchoviesTopping preferred_label Anchovies
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ArtichokeTopping preferred_label ArtichokeTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ArtichokeTopping preferred_label Artichoke
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#AsparagusTopping preferred_label AsparagusTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#AsparagusTopping preferred_label Asparagus
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Cajun preferred_label Cajun
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#CajunSpiceTopping preferred_label Cajun Spice
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#CajunSpiceTopping preferred_label CajunSpiceTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#CaperTopping preferred_label Caper
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#CaperTopping preferred_label CaperTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Capricciosa preferred_label Capricciosa
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Caprina preferred_label Caprina
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#CheeseTopping preferred_label Cheese
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#CheeseTopping preferred_label CheeseTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#CheeseyPizza preferred_label Cheesy Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#CheeseyPizza preferred_label CheesyPizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ChickenTopping preferred_label Chicken
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ChickenTopping preferred_label ChickenTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Country preferred_label Country
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#DeepPanBase preferred_label Deep Pan Base
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#DeepPanBase preferred_label DeepPanBase
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#DomainConcept preferred_label Domain Thing
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#DomainConcept preferred_label DomainThing
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Fiorentina preferred_label Fiorentina
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#FishTopping preferred_label Seafood
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#FishTopping preferred_label SeafoodTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Food preferred_label Food
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#FourCheesesTopping preferred_label FourCheesesTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#FourCheesesTopping preferred_label Four Cheeses
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#FourSeasons preferred_label Four Seasons
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#FourSeasons preferred_label FourSeasons
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#FruitTopping preferred_label Fruit
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#FruitTopping preferred_label FruitTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#FruttiDiMare preferred_label FruttiDiMare
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#FruttiDiMare preferred_label Frutti Di Mare
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#GarlicTopping preferred_label GarlicTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#GarlicTopping preferred_label Garlic
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Giardiniera preferred_label Giardiniera
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#GoatsCheeseTopping preferred_label Goats Cheese
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#GoatsCheeseTopping preferred_label GoatsCheeseTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#GorgonzolaTopping preferred_label Gorgonzola
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#GorgonzolaTopping preferred_label GorgonzolaTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#GreenPepperTopping preferred_label GreenPepperTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#GreenPepperTopping preferred_label Green Pepper
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#HamTopping preferred_label Ham
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#HamTopping preferred_label HamTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#HerbSpiceTopping preferred_label Herb Spice
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#HerbSpiceTopping preferred_label HerbSpiceTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Hot preferred_label Hot
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#HotGreenPepperTopping preferred_label HotGreenPepperTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#HotGreenPepperTopping preferred_label Hot Green Pepper
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#HotSpicedBeefTopping preferred_label HotSpicedBeefTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#HotSpicedBeefTopping preferred_label Hot Spiced Beef
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#IceCream preferred_label Ice Cream
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#IceCream preferred_label IceCream
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#InterestingPizza preferred_label Interesting Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#InterestingPizza preferred_label InterestingPizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#JalapenoPepperTopping preferred_label Jalapeno Pepper
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#JalapenoPepperTopping preferred_label JalapenoPepperTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#LaReine preferred_label La Reine
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#LaReine preferred_label LaReine
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#LeekTopping preferred_label Leek
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#LeekTopping preferred_label LeekTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Margherita preferred_label Margherita
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#MeatTopping preferred_label Meat
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#MeatTopping preferred_label MeatTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#MeatyPizza preferred_label MeatyPizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#MeatyPizza preferred_label Meaty Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Medium preferred_label Medium
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Mild preferred_label Mild
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#MixedSeafoodTopping preferred_label MixedSeafoodTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#MixedSeafoodTopping preferred_label Mixed Seafood
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#MozzarellaTopping preferred_label MozzarellaTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#MozzarellaTopping preferred_label Mozzarella
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Mushroom preferred_label Mushroom
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#MushroomTopping preferred_label Mushroom
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#MushroomTopping preferred_label MushroomTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Napoletana preferred_label Napoletana
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#NonVegetarianPizza preferred_label NonVegetarianPizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#NonVegetarianPizza preferred_label Non Vegetarian Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#NutTopping preferred_label NutTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#NutTopping preferred_label Nut
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#OliveTopping preferred_label OliveTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#OliveTopping preferred_label Olive
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#OnionTopping preferred_label OnionTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#OnionTopping preferred_label Onion
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ParmaHamTopping preferred_label Parma Ham
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ParmaHamTopping preferred_label ParmaHamTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Parmense preferred_label Parmense
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ParmesanTopping preferred_label ParmezanTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ParmesanTopping preferred_label Parmezan
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PeperonataTopping preferred_label Peperonata
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PeperonataTopping preferred_label PeperonataTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PeperoniSausageTopping preferred_label Peperoni Sausage
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PeperoniSausageTopping preferred_label PeperoniSausageTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PepperTopping preferred_label Pepper
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PepperTopping preferred_label PepperTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PetitPoisTopping preferred_label PetitPoisTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PetitPoisTopping preferred_label Petit Pois
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PineKernels preferred_label Pine Kernel
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PineKernels preferred_label PineKernelTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Pizza preferred_label Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PizzaBase preferred_label PizzaBase
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PizzaBase preferred_label Pizza Base
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PizzaTopping preferred_label PizzaTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PizzaTopping preferred_label Pizza Topping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PolloAdAstra preferred_label Pollo Ad Astra
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PolloAdAstra preferred_label PolloAdAstra
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PrawnsTopping preferred_label Prawns
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PrawnsTopping preferred_label PrawnsTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PrinceCarlo preferred_label Prince Carlo
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PrinceCarlo preferred_label PrinceCarlo
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#QuattroFormaggi preferred_label QuattroFormaggi
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#QuattroFormaggi preferred_label Quattro Formaggi
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#RealItalianPizza preferred_label Real Italian Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#RealItalianPizza preferred_label RealItalianPizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#RedOnionTopping preferred_label Red Onion
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#RedOnionTopping preferred_label RedOnionTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#RocketTopping preferred_label RocketTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#RocketTopping preferred_label Rocket
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Rosa preferred_label Rosa
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#RosemaryTopping preferred_label Rosemary
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#RosemaryTopping preferred_label RosemaryTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SauceTopping preferred_label Sauce
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SauceTopping preferred_label SauceTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Siciliana preferred_label Siciliana
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SlicedTomatoTopping preferred_label SlicedTomatoTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SlicedTomatoTopping preferred_label Sliced Tomato
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SloppyGiuseppe preferred_label SloppyGiuseppe
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SloppyGiuseppe preferred_label Sloppy Giuseppe
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Soho preferred_label Soho
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Spiciness preferred_label Spiciness
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SpicyPizza preferred_label SpicyPizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SpicyPizza preferred_label Spicy Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SpicyPizzaEquivalent preferred_label SpicyPizzaEquivalent
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SpicyPizzaEquivalent preferred_label Spicy Pizza Equivalent
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SpicyTopping preferred_label Spicy
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SpicyTopping preferred_label SpicyTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SpinachTopping preferred_label Spinach
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SpinachTopping preferred_label SpinachTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SultanaTopping preferred_label Sultana
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SultanaTopping preferred_label SultanaTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SundriedTomatoTopping preferred_label Sundried Tomato
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SundriedTomatoTopping preferred_label SundriedTomatoTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SweetPepperTopping preferred_label SweetPepperTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SweetPepperTopping preferred_label Sweet Pepper
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ThinAndCrispyBase preferred_label Thin And Crispy Base
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ThinAndCrispyBase preferred_label ThinAndCrispyBase
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ThinAndCrispyPizza preferred_label ThinAndCrispyPizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ThinAndCrispyPizza preferred_label Thin And Crispy Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#TobascoPepperSauce preferred_label TobascoPepperSauceTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#TobascoPepperSauce preferred_label Tobasco Pepper Sauce
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#TomatoTopping preferred_label Tomato
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#TomatoTopping preferred_label TomatoTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#UnclosedPizza preferred_label Unclosed Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#UnclosedPizza preferred_label UnclosedPizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ValuePartition preferred_label Value Partition
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ValuePartition preferred_label ValuePartition
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetableTopping preferred_label VegetableTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetableTopping preferred_label Vegetable Topping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetarianPizza preferred_label Vegetarian Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetarianPizza preferred_label VegetarianPizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetarianPizzaEquivalent1 preferred_label Vegetarian Pizza1
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetarianPizzaEquivalent1 preferred_label VegetarianPizza1
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetarianPizzaEquivalent2 preferred_label Vegetarian Pizza2
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetarianPizzaEquivalent2 preferred_label VegetarianPizza2
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetarianTopping preferred_label VegetarianTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetarianTopping preferred_label Vegetarian Topping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Veneziana preferred_label Veneziana
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza preferred_label pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#CheeseyVegetableTopping preferred_label CheesyVegetableTopping
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SpicyPizzaEquivalent An alternative definition for the SpicyPizza which does away with needing a definition of SpicyTopping and uses a slightly more complicated restriction: Pizzas that have at least one topping that is both a PizzaTopping and has spiciness hot are members of this class.
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#IceCream A class to demonstrate mistakes made with setting a property domain. The property hasTopping has a domain of Pizza. This means that the reasoner can infer that all individuals using the hasTopping property must be of type Pizza. Because of the restriction on this class, all members of IceCream must use the hasTopping property, and therefore must also be members of Pizza. However, Pizza and IceCream are disjoint, so this causes an inconsistency. If they were not disjoint, IceCream would be inferred to be a subclass of Pizza.
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Cajun Cajun Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetarianTopping An example of a covering axiom. VegetarianTopping is equivalent to the union of all toppings in the given axiom. VegetarianToppings can only be Cheese or Vegetable or....etc.
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#UnclosedPizza An unclosed Pizza cannot be inferred to be either a VegetarianPizza or a NonVegetarianPizza, because it might have other toppings.
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#QuattroFormaggi Quattro Formaggi Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Caprina Caprina Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Margherita Margherita Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#FruttiDiMare Frutti Di Mare Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Mushroom Mushroom Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Country A class that is equivalent to the set of individuals that are described in the enumeration - ie Countries can only be either America, England, France, Germany or Italy and nothing else. Note that these individuals have been asserted to be allDifferent from each other.
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Parmense Parmese Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Parmense Parmese
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#NamedPizza A pizza that can be found on a pizza menu
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#ValuePartition A ValuePartition is a pattern that describes a restricted set of classes from which a property can be associated. The parent class is used in restrictions, and the covering axiom means that only members of the subclasses may be used as values. The possible subclasses cannot be extended without updating the ValuePartition class.
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#American American Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#FourSeasons Four Seasons Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Siciliana Siciliana Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#AmericanHot American Hot Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PolloAdAstra Pollo Ad Astra Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#PrinceCarlo Prince Carlo Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#CheeseyVegetableTopping This class will be unsatisfiable. This is because we have given it 2 disjoint parents, which means it could never have any instances (as nothing can be both a CheeseTopping and a VegetableTopping). NB Called ProbeInconsistentTopping in the ProtegeOWL Tutorial.
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetarianPizzaEquivalent2 An alternative to VegetarianPizzaEquiv1 that does not require a definition of VegetarianTopping. Perhaps more difficult to maintain. Not equivalent to VegetarianPizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Rosa Rosa Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#LaReine La Reine Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Soho Soho Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#SloppyGiuseppe Sloppy Giuseppe Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Spiciness A ValuePartition that describes only values from Hot, Medium or Mild. NB Subclasses can themselves be divided up into further partitions.
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#VegetarianPizzaEquivalent1 Any pizza that only has vegetarian toppings or no toppings is a VegetarianPizzaEquiv1. Should be inferred to be equivalent to VegetarianPizzaEquiv2. Not equivalent to VegetarianPizza because PizzaTopping is not covering
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Giardiniera Giardiniera Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Capricciosa Capricciosa Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Napoletana Napoletana Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Fiorentina Fiorentina Pizza
http://www.co-ode.org/ontologies/pizza/pizza.owl#Veneziana Veneziana Pizza
